Add Contributors process for papers (#820)
cncf/tag-security: governance/paper-process.md

| * [ ] | Addition to the repo | 2 weeks |
| * [ ] | Blog post and publishing coordination | 2-3 weeks |

## Milestones

### Audience, Goals, and refining scope

This milestone is intend to define the following items to assist in generating
content:

* Who do we expect to read the paper?
* What positions do they hold?
* Why are we writing this paper?
* What problem are we intending to resolve?
* What assumptions are we making about the audience or the expected content of
  the paper?

>   * Note - these are documented then in the "Introduction > Assumptions"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Note - these are documented in the "Introduction > Assumptions"
```

      section of the paper
* What are our Goals and Non-Goals?

>   * Note - these are documented then in the "Introduction > Scope > Goals" and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Note - these are documented in the "Introduction > Scope > Goals" and
```

### Content rough-in

Assignees can provide content rough-in in a variety of ways.  They may provide
raw content in the form of phrases, disjointed paragraphs, bullets on the topic,
or they draft content in the form of completed paragraphs.  If leveraging draft
content, placing this content in quotes helps other reviewers know it is

> 'near-complete' and can review it as a wholistic section.  #### Opinions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
'near-complete' and can review it as a holistic section.  
#### Opinions
```

There may be situations where multiple differing views on the subject matter or
controls implementation are expressed.  If these cannot be collaboratively
resolved it is the duty of the authors to capture the different views and leave
the decision up to the reader.

#### References

It is important that any references used to generate paper content be cited
appropriate through footnotes and a references section as appropriate.  This
ensures the reader may not only dig deep into a specific reference area but also

> provides source content and is a matter of good practice.  ### Collaborative

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
provides source content and is a matter of good practice.  

### Collaborative
```

### Content rough-in

Assignees can provide content rough-in in a variety of ways.  They may provide
raw content in the form of phrases, disjointed paragraphs, bullets on the topic,

> or they draft content in the form of completed paragraphs.  If leveraging draft

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or draft content in the form of completed paragraphs.  If leveraging draft
```

content, placing this content in quotes helps other reviewers know it is

> 'near-complete' and can review it as a holistic section.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'near-complete' and it should be reviewed it as a holistic section.  
```

#### Opinions

There may be situations where multiple differing views on the subject matter or

> controls implementation are expressed.  If these cannot be collaboratively
> resolved it is the duty of the authors to capture the different views and leave
> the decision up to the reader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
controls implementation are expressed.  Authors should make every effort to 
discover the industry standard or practice and document it. If none exists 
and the suggested content cannot be collaboratively resolved, it is the duty 
of the authors to capture the different views with references, benefits, and 
drawbacks or contingencies in order to provide the reader with enough 
information to leave the decision up to the reader.
```

#### References

It is important that any references used to generate paper content be cited

> appropriate through footnotes and a references section as appropriate.  This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
appropriately through footnotes and within the references section.  This
```

> ensures the reader may not only dig deep into a specific reference area but also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
permits the reader to not only dig deep into a specific reference area but also
```

### Content rough-in

Assignees can provide content rough-in in a variety of ways.  They may provide
raw content in the form of phrases, disjointed paragraphs, bullets on the topic,
or they draft content in the form of completed paragraphs.  If leveraging draft
content, placing this content in quotes helps other reviewers know it is
'near-complete' and can review it as a holistic section.  

#### Opinions

There may be situations where multiple differing views on the subject matter or
controls implementation are expressed.  If these cannot be collaboratively
resolved it is the duty of the authors to capture the different views and leave
the decision up to the reader.

#### References

It is important that any references used to generate paper content be cited
appropriate through footnotes and a references section as appropriate.  This
ensures the reader may not only dig deep into a specific reference area but also
provides source content and is a matter of good practice.  

### Collaborative

> review

Author: ```suggestion
```

### Content rough-in

Assignees can provide content rough-in in a variety of ways.  They may provide
raw content in the form of phrases, disjointed paragraphs, bullets on the topic,
or draft content in the form of completed paragraphs.  If leveraging draft
content, placing this content in quotes helps other reviewers know it is
'near-complete' and it should be reviewed as a holistic section.  

#### Opinions

There may be situations where multiple differing views on the subject matter or
controls implementation are expressed.  Authors should make every effort to 
discover the industry standard or practice and document it. If none exists 
and the suggested content cannot be collaboratively resolved, it is the duty 
of the authors to capture the different views with references, benefits, and 
drawbacks or contingencies in order to provide the reader with enough 

> information to leave the decision up to the reader.

Author: ```suggestion
information to reach their own conclusion.
```

Prior to opening the paper for community review, the group should select no more
than 3 Adjudicators.  These individuals are tasked with accepting/rejecting
suggestions, and resolving comments from the community.  Any comments or
suggestions that require larger discussion should be brought up in a group

> meeting and decisively resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meeting and decisively resolved. These should be clearly documented with justification in the notes.
```

CNCF team for posting a blog to summarize and link to the paper.  As community
events occur, it is also recommended that the TAG coordinate a submission to
community events (presentation) on the paper.

> #### Authorship, attribution and acknowledgements

Reviewer 2: Thank you for addressing a topic that could get thorny in a succinct and fair way!

Papers and other resources created from TAG-Security efforts are under the
authorship of TAG-Security, and all members who have made contributions to the
document (through writing, editing, creating illustrations, etc.) are considered
"Contributors". Members of the public or TAG-Security who have commented and
given feedback during the Request for Comment (RFC) period of during the
creation of the document are considered "Reviewers" of the project.

Individuals/groups who have made huge contributions/impact on the work can be
acknowledged in an "Acknowledgements" section. This is to highlight stellar
contributions and commitments to individuals that have went above and beyond to
contribute to the project.

Each document should contain a "Contributors", "Reviewers" and

> "Acknowledgements" section where appropriate.  appropriate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"Acknowledgements" section where appropriate. 
```

CNCF team for posting a blog to summarize and link to the paper.  As community
events occur, it is also recommended that the TAG coordinate a submission to
community events (presentation) on the paper.

#### Authorship, attribution and acknowledgements

Papers and other resources created from TAG-Security efforts are under the
authorship of TAG-Security, and all members who have made contributions to the
document (through writing, editing, creating illustrations, etc.) are considered
"Contributors". Members of the public or TAG-Security who have commented and
given feedback during the Request for Comment (RFC) period of during the
creation of the document are considered "Reviewers" of the project.

Individuals/groups who have made huge contributions/impact on the work can be
acknowledged in an "Acknowledgements" section. This is to highlight stellar

> contributions and commitments to individuals that have went above and beyond to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contributions and commitments by individuals that have went above and beyond to
```

contribute to the project.

Each document should contain a "Contributors", "Reviewers" and

> "Acknowledgements" section where appropriate. 

Author: ```suggestion
"Acknowledgements" section where appropriate.
```
